.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <h1>

README

.. raw:: html

   </h1>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <h2>

OASIS Open Repository: cti-taxii-client

.. raw:: html

   </h2>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

This GitHub public repository (
https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client ) was created at the
request of the OASIS Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) TC as an OASIS Open
Repository to support development of open source resources related to
Technical Committee work.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

While this Open Repository remains associated with the sponsor TC, its
development priorities, leadership, intellectual property terms,
participation rules, and other matters of governance are separate and
distinct from the OASIS TC Process and related policies.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

All contributions made to this Open Repository are subject to open
source license terms expressed in the BSD-3-Clause License. That license
was selected as the declared "Applicable License" when the Open
Repository was created.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

As documented in "Public Participation Invited", contributions to this
OASIS Open Repository are invited from all parties, whether affiliated
with OASIS or not. Participants must have a GitHub account, but no fees
or OASIS membership obligations are required. Participation is expected
to be consistent with the OASIS Open Repository Guidelines and
Procedures, the open source LICENSE designated for this particular
repository, and the requirement for an Individual Contributor License
Agreement that governs intellectual property.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <h2>

Statement of Purpose

.. raw:: html

   </h2>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

Statement of Purpose for this OASIS Open Repository (cti-taxii-client)
as proposed and approved [bis] by the TC:

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

The taxii-client under development in this GitHub repository is a Python
library and command line tool for making HTTPS requests to TAXII servers
in conformance with the TAXII specification.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <h2>

Additions to Statement of Purpose

.. raw:: html

   </h2>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

Repository Maintainers may include here any clarifications â€” any
additional sections, subsections, and paragraphs that the Maintainer(s)
wish to add as descriptive text, reflecting (sub-) project status,
milestones, releases, modifications to statement of purpose, etc. The
project Maintainers will create and maintain this content on behalf of
the participants.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <h2>

Maintainers

.. raw:: html

   </h2>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

Open Repository Maintainers are responsible for oversight of this
project's community development activities, including evaluation of
GitHub pull requests and preserving open source principles of openness
and fairness. Maintainers are recognized and trusted experts who serve
to implement community goals and consensus design preferences.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

Initially, the associated TC members have designated one or more persons
to serve as Maintainer(s); subsequently, participating community members
may select additional or substitute Maintainers, per consensus
agreements.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

Current Maintainers of this Open Repository

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <ul>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Greg Back; GitHub ID: https://github.com/gtback/; WWW: MITRE Corporation

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Rich Piazza; GitHub ID: https://github.com/rpiazza/; WWW: MITRE
Corporation

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <!-- 
   Greg Back, gback@mitre.org, gtback, MITRE Corporation
   Rich Piazza, rpiazza@mitre.org, rpiazza, MITRE Corporation
   -->

.. raw:: html

   <!--<li><a href="mailto:luc.boutier@fastconnect.fr">Luc Boutier</a>; GitHub ID: <a href="https://github.com/lucboutier/">https://github.com/lucboutier/</a>; WWW: <a href="http://www.fastconnect.fr/">FastConnect SAS</a></li>  -->

.. raw:: html

   </ul>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <h2>

About OASIS Open Repositories

.. raw:: html

   </h2>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

.. raw:: html

   <ul>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Open Repositories: Overview and Resources

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Frequently Asked Questions

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Open Source Licenses

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Contributor License Agreements (CLAs)

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Maintainers' Guidelines and Agreement

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   </ul>

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <h2>

Feedback

.. raw:: html

   </h2>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

Questions or comments about this Open Repository's activities should be
composed as GitHub issues or comments. If use of an issue/comment is not
possible or appropriate, questions may be directed by email to the
Maintainer(s) listed above. Please send general questions about Open
Repository participation to OASIS Staff at
repository-admin@oasis-open.org and any specific CLA-related questions
to repository-cla@oasis-open.org.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>
